Update governance and community documents to reflect current status (#4049)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: ways_of_working.md

- connect issues and Pull Requests where possible (for example, by mentioning 'Fixes #[issue number]' in the Pull Request description). By adding "closes #issue" or [something similar](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/) in a comment on a pull request, merging the pull request will close the issue automatically.
- once completed, approve Pull Requests (for the contributors to merge them) and/or close issues immediately (if not linked to specific Pull Request) with a comment describing how it was addressed.
- when reviewing a pull request or commenting on issues, be specific, describe your ideas clearly, comment to request changes or make a pull request to the file that should be merged (please do not use the "request changes" option when reviewing Pull Requests).
- use your interactions on GitHub or other community spaces to provide support, mentorship and acknowledgement to our community of contributors.

## Authorship and Contributorship in _The Turing Way_

Anyone who contributes to the book is considered an author in _The Turing Way_.
The first author is always `The Turing Way Community`.

> You don't have to be only contributing to writing a chapter to be listed as an author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't have to have written a chapter to be listed as an author.
```

> If you have substantially contributed to the running of the project, for example, adding in (or improving) documentation on *how* someone can contribute to *The Turing Way*, hosted an event, given a talk or onboarded new members to *The Turing Way*, all count as core contributions warranting authorship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substantial contributions to the running of the project, for example, adding in (or improving) documentation on *how* someone can contribute to *The Turing Way*, hosted an event, given a talk or onboarded new members to *The Turing Way*, all count as core contributions warranting authorship.
```
